Add data guideline for Safari backported releases (#11909)
mdn/browser-compat-data: docs/data-guidelines.md

This guideline was proposed in [#7936](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/7585), based in part on previous discussion in [#7585](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/7585).

## Release lines

Use version numbers to reflect which _release line_ (major or minor but not patch-level releases) first supported a feature, rather than absolute version numbers.

Typically, BCD does not record absolute version numbers, such as Chrome 76.0.3809.46; instead BCD records significant releases (such as Chrome 76). Use the earliest applicable release line for recording support for a given feature. For example, if a feature was not added in Chrome 76.0.3700.43, but added in Chrome 76.0.3809.46, then the supported version is 76.

This decision was made in [#3953, under the expectation that most users are likely to run the latest minor version of their browser](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/3953#issuecomment-485847399), but not necessarily the latest version overall.

## Backported releases

> Some browsers have created backport releases to include all or most of the features in a new major version, targeted for older operating systems. If a feature is found to be supported in one of these backport releases, set the verion number to the following major version. For example, if a new feature was added in Safari 7.0 and it is present in Safari 6.1, then the supported version is 7.0 (not 6 or 6.1).

Reviewer: I've suggested a pretty substantial rewrite of this paragraph. What I'm I'm trying to achieve here:

* Downplaying the reason for backports (e.g., Node.js uses backporting a lot, but for different reasons)
* Suggesting what to do for backports that we don't have a rule for (e.g., we overlook the complexity of Node.js backports because they don't seem to backport new features far enough for it to matter)

```suggestion
Some browsers have backport releases, where a feature is added or removed in two or more versions at once. If not otherwise covered by this guideline, use the earliest applicable version (as described in the [Release lines](#release-lines) guideline). In some cases, however, you must set the the version number to the following major version. For example, if a new feature was added in Safari 7.0 and in Safari 6.1, then the supported version is 7.0 (not 6 or 6.1).
```

Known backport releases include the following:

- Safari
  - 4.1 is a backport of 5.0
  - 6.1 is a backport of 7.0
  - 6.2 is a backport of 8.0

>   - 7.1 is a backport of 8.0

Reviewer: I'm still confused by this. I think it's because it says what something _is_ and not what to _do_. What do you think of a table like this, maybe?

| If the browser is… | and the version is… | then set the value to… |
|---------|--------------------|------------------------|
| Safari  | 4.1                | 5.0                    |
| Safari  | 6.1                | 7.0                    |
| Safari  | 6.2                | 8.0                    |
| Safari  | 7.1                | 8.0                    |

This guideline was proposed in [#7936](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/7585), based in part on previous discussion in [#7585](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/7585).

> ## Release lines

Reviewer: I don't think we should change the existing guideline. It applies to all browsers, not just Safari. I think this has come up for other browsers (perhaps when `SharedArrayBuffer` was removed?), though it's definitely less prominent.

Use version numbers to reflect which _release line_ (major or minor but not patch-level releases) first supported a feature, rather than absolute version numbers.

Typically, BCD does not record absolute version numbers, such as Chrome 76.0.3809.46; instead BCD records significant releases (such as Chrome 76). Use the earliest applicable release line for recording support for a given feature. For example, if a feature was not added in Chrome 76.0.3700.43, but added in Chrome 76.0.3809.46, then the supported version is 76.

This decision was made in [#3953, under the expectation that most users are likely to run the latest minor version of their browser](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/3953#issuecomment-485847399), but not necessarily the latest version overall.

> ## Safari backported releases

Reviewer: For this section overall, I'd like to see the structure inverted, to lead with the high-level imperative (i.e., if a release is a known backport, then use the next major version) then fill in with details about backports, versions, etc.

Safari has released a number of versions as backports of newer releases. These releases have roughly the same features, with exceptions to OS-dependent interfaces such as notifications and media playback.

These releases include the following:

- Safari 4.1 <- 5.0
- Safari 6.1 <- 7.0
- Safari 6.2 <- 8.0

> - Safari 7.1 <- 8.0

Reviewer: I think we should use words here instead of an arrow. I got really confused by this list paired with the example after. I interpreted this list to mean something like, "if something is found to be supported in Safari 8, set the value to Safari 7.1", which I think is the opposite of what's intended?
